Define more annotations as declarations (#3448)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/introduction.tex

Initial setup of the model is specified using \lstinline!start!-attributes and equations that hold only during initialization.

A Modelica class may also contain annotations, i.e., formal comments, which specify graphical representations of the class (icon and diagram), documentation text for the class, and version information.

> See \cref{annotations} and note that this uses a special syntax according to \cref{how-to-interpret-annotation-definitions}.

Reviewer: Doesn't this belong in `\cref{notation}`?

Author: I thought adding a link from the introduction was enough, and similarly as the synchronous chapter defines its own notations I think the annotation chapter can do the same.

Reviewer: I'm not saying that a link isn't enough; I'm saying that the link belongs in the `\cref{notation}` section so that it can be found by someone looking for an explanation of the notation.

Reviewer: OK.  Resolving.

    der "(" SOME-TOKEN ")"
    | "(" differentiated-expression "+" differentiated-expression ")"
\end{lstlisting}

> Annotations are described in \cref{annotations} and use a special syntax according to \cref{how-to-interpret-annotation-definitions}.

Reviewer: There are other places with annotations as well, so better to not point at a specific chapter (and we the remaining link still goes to that chapter):
```suggestion
Annotations are defined using the syntactic forms of Modelica record definitions and component declarations, but with special semantics given in \cref{how-to-interpret-annotation-definitions}.
```
